# Simple Log Service: Intelligent Anomaly Analysis

## Features

The Intelligent Anomaly Analysis application is a highly available service that can be hosted and scaled. The application provides the following capabilities: intelligent inspection, text analysis, and root cause diagnostics.

:::tip Intelligent Anomaly Analysis
[Trial Demo](/playground/demo.html?dest=/lognext/app/ids/public-demo-aiops%3Fresource=/overview){}
:::

## Benefits

- Supports intelligent inspection based on a large number of metrics. You can inspect different anomalies after simple configurations. You do not need to pay attention to alert rules.
- Intelligently analyzes unstructured log data that is in the text format and mines the log data to automatically detect abnormal patterns.
- Allows you to evaluate the inspection results that are generated by algorithms. This helps improve model training and learning.
- Achieves 99.9% availability for alerting, which is powered by the high availability and data reliability of Simple Log Service.
- Improves user experience by deeply integrating the alerting feature.

## Core values

- The Intelligent Anomaly Analysis application focuses on core elements such as metrics, program logs, and service relationships in O&M scenarios. The application generates anomalous events by using methods such as machine learning, and performs association analysis on time series data and events based on service topologies. This reduces the O&M complexity for enterprises and improves service quality.
